Add Entry: PHP String Function term `sprintf()` (#660)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/string-functions/string-functions.md

---
Title: 'String Functions'

> Description: 'PHP has several built-in functions for the manipulation of strings.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'PHP has several built-in functions for manipulating strings.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-php'
>   - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

Isn't PHP a backend-only language? Either way, we should stick with two (2) links, per the [catalog content documentation](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/catalog-content.md#php)
